update release instructions (#776)
akka/akka-persistence-cassandra: CONTRIBUTING.md

Depending on which version (or sometimes module) you want to work on, you should target a specific branch as explained below:

* 1.0 -> `master` - current active development and stable 1.0.x patch releases

> * 0.80+ (currently 0.100) -> `release-0.x`  - removed use of Cassandra Materialized Views after they were marked as not to be used in production. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 0.80+ (see [Github releases](https://github.com/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra/releases) for latest) -> `release-0.x`  - removed use of Cassandra Materialized Views after they were marked as not to be used in production. 
```

## Source style

> akka-persistence-cassandra uses [Scalafmt](http://scalameta.org/scalafmt/) to enforce some of the code style rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
akka-persistence-cassandra uses [Scalafmt](https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/) to enforce some of the code style rules.
```
